Azure Virtual Desktop Architecture
----------------------------------

Azure Virtual Desktop assessment  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/wvd/migrate-assess  

Azure Virtual Desktop for the enterprise  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/example-scenario/wvd/windows-virtual-desktop

Azure Virtual Desktop components   
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/3-azure-virtual-desktop-components

Personal and pooled desktops  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/4-personal-pooled-desktops

Service updates for Azure Virtual Desktop desktops  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/5-service-updates-for-azure-virtual-desktops

Azure limitations for Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/6-azure-limitations-for-azure-virtual-desktop

Virtual machine sizing guidelines  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/virtual-machine-recs

Azure Virtual Desktop pricing  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/8-azure-virtual-desktop-pricing

Assess network capacity and speed requirements for Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/rdp-bandwidth

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/network-guidance  

https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-desktop/assessment/  

Recommend an operating system for an Azure Virtual Desktop implementation  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/design-azure-virtual-desktop-architecture/4-recommend-operate-system-azure-virtual-desktop-implementation?ns-enrollment-type=learningpath&ns-enrollment-id=learn.wwl.plan-azure-virtual-desktop-implementation

Host pool load-balancing algorithms  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/host-pool-load-balancing

Configure a location for the Azure Virtual Desktop metadata  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/data-locations

Use Azure Monitor for Azure Virtual Desktop to monitor your deployment  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/azure-monitor

Recommend an appropriate storage solution  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/store-fslogix-profile

Update the password of your storage account identity in AD DS  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-identity-ad-ds-update-password

Overview - on-premises Active Directory Domain Services authentication over SMB for Azure file shares  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-identity-auth-active-directory-enable

Azure AD-Einbindung f√ºr Azure Virtual Desktop  
https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/azure/architecture/example-scenario/wvd/azure-virtual-desktop-azure-active-directory-join

FSLogix
-------
Download FSLogix  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/fslogix/install-ht

Teams Cache Redirection  
https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-virtual-desktop/wvd-fslogix-reduce-profile-container-size-exclude-teams-cache/m-p/1503683

Custom Image
------------

Installing Office  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/install-office-on-wvd-master-image#install-office-in-shared-computer-activation-mode

Installing Teams  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/teams-on-avd

Installing OneDrive  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/install-office-on-wvd-master-image#install-onedrive-in-per-machine-mode

Installing a Language Pack  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-desktop/language-packs

Store and share images in an Azure Compute Gallery  
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/shared-image-galleries

Connect to Azure Virtual Desktop
--------------------------------

WebURL  
https://rdweb.wvd.microsoft.com/arm/webclient  

https://rdweb.wvd.microsoft.com/api/arm/feeddiscovery  

Monitoring
----------

Log Analytics Workspace (KQL)  
https://github.com/tomwechsler/Azure_Virtual_Desktop/blob/main/WVD_Log_Analytics_KQL.ps1

